--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testAvailableLocaleSet
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testIsAvailableLocale
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testAvailableLocaleList
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testCountriesByLanguage
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testLocaleLookupList_LocaleLocale
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testLanguagesByCountry
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testToLocale_1Part
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testToLocale_2Part
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testToLocale_3Part
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testLocaleLookupList_Locale
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
--- org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest::testConstructor
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtils.isAvailableLocale(LocaleUtils.java:223)
	at org.apache.commons.lang.LocaleUtilsTest.setUp(LocaleUtilsTest.java:82)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:140)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:130)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:241)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:236)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:90)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:137)
	at kr.ac.seoultech.selab.logicfl.coverage.JUnit4TestRunner.main(JUnit4TestRunner.java:33)
